Add support for noise models (#5684)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

> * A new `qml.noise` module which contains utililty function for building `NoiseModels`.

Author: ```suggestion
* A new `qml.noise` module which contains utility functions for building `NoiseModels`.
```

  [(#5674)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5674)
  [(#5684)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5684)

  ```python
  fcond = qml.noise.op_eq(qml.X) | qml.noise.op_eq(qml.Y)
  noise = qml.noise.partial_wires(qml.AmplitudeDamping, 0.4)
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> qml.NoiseModel({fcond: noise}, t1=0.04)
  NoiseModel({
    OpEq(PauliX) | OpEq(PauliY) = AmplitudeDamping(gamma=0.4)
  }, t1 = 0.04)

>   ```

Reviewer: This looks great, could we show how this is to be used in a quantum circuit?

Author: That comes in the third PR, [here](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/5718).
